whoo guys guess what I just unlocked oh
yeah snake guys Oh being zero oh shit no
that's not the one ah every character
from black light now I think I think
it's got the specter all right so this
guy is really really cool looking I know
he kind of looks like every character in
every other video gaming or action movie
ever but it's not about how he looks
it's about how awesome he is and I'm not
gonna lie I had my reservations I had my
concerns and I was scared to see this
one this was the one that I was most
terrified to see because I play destiny
and in destiny the most dangerous and
annoying and probably the most
overpowered class in that game is arc
blade for the Blade Dancer and it's
where they have like incredible range
and mobility and everything with that
thing so I was like oh shit please don't
put something like that in this game and
feel better knowing that it's not even
remotely close to as overpowered as that
is and it's actually really really cool
it's not the most dangerous one by any
means but it is very badass and what I
love so much about it is its function
now it seems like I can generally only
get around an average of two kills per
each time i activate the special
stability which compared to other things
like your sparrows and your tempest and
you know your stuff like that the scythe
you can easily stack up four to six
kills with each one of those this one
obviously has its complications but it
also generates quite quick it's not
uncommon for me to get you know two or
three of these per life and that's
what's so unique about it is it comes
when you need it so the melee feature is
extremely badass now I did have some
problems with it you're seeing it in
action right now but the one thing that
I had with it is not the lunge not the
range because it's just right to be
completely honest but just the fact that
to use this thing it runs out really
really quick and it can only be used in
close quarters unlike you know the
sparrow or the tempest and a handful of
the other more weaponized abilities that
you can have this guy unfortunately is
only capable of lethal handshake you
have to be very very close but there is
a compensation period for this where
you're pretty much stuck having your gun
out at all times like your Sparrow for
example you got that bow out that's all
you got to do it you're gonna charge it
up you gotta roll with it the thing with
this one and this is actually one of its
best bonuses if you will when you have
this ability activated you have the
freedom of using your primary weapons
and everything like that so
it's a kind of use when you need to at
the same time that is also a flaw
because activating this thing is done by
activating both the bumpers or
activating the bumpers and then from
there or not working now the cool thing
with this ability is you can double
bumper each time you want to knife
somebody when that little reticle pops
up the little blue symbol will be on top
of them that lets you know that you're
in melee range it's very easy to
actually swipe when you see that on and
it not activate it a little inconsistent
sometimes but you can either do that or
you can use your default mail a button
to so that's pretty cool but again it's
big flaw is that it runs out very very
fast and if you happen to kill one guy
it's not uncommon for me to go kill one
guy and not even have anyone else
impossible killing range throughout the
rest of the life like i said though you
do have an extra bit of comfort knowing
you can use your primary while still
having this specialist ability activate
it so I feel like it works well and
almost every situation there's some good
there's some bad but it's quite balanced
to be completely honest and as you just
saw right there I got mowed down
attempting to get close quarters the
time to kill in this game is very very
rough coming straight at a guy with a
knife is a no-no and that's something
you're gonna have to teach yourself
while using this many a time you're not
going to profit from it you're gonna die
in that kind of mid lunge face and
that's a dangerous thing to this thing's
just generally for the most part has its
value when attacking from the side or
the flank or something like that but
every once in a while you will get a
frontal kill it catches of course you
risked a lot trying to do that but
overall definitely one of the more fun
ones that's gonna be completely out
there is it one of the most dangerous
ones no not by any means but it is
different and that's also where some of
the value come in where the other ones
are just built around long range and you
have to keep that gun out this one has a
little bit of variety available for it
and I think it's quite nice it's fancy
guys thank you guys for watching if you
enjoyed the gameplay let me know a live
a like on the video because you know
it's free and you should do that cuz
freash it's awesome and subscribe if you
new here the future of black ops 3
gameplay or I'm a stab you in the throat
like these to get me a Justin Bieber oh
yeah backstabber